why do some automotive aftermarket
products start trends what is it that
sets them apart Magnum bumpers by IC i--
are known for style innovative design
and uncompromised quality in
manufacturing Magnum is the
fastest-growing brand of premium custom
bumpers in the USA we'll show you what
sets Magnum bumpers apart from the rest
and why you should choose a Magnum
bumper for your truck our skilled team
of engineers begins the process of
creating a new product by asking how can
we be different what would we want if it
were our truck what are customers asking
for an example is the way we design our
rear bumper so customers can easily
transfer rear sensors from the factory
bumper into their new Magnum bumper this
feature yields a precise fit and more
importantly it resolved customers
concerns regarding ease of installation
once the design and engineering phase
are complete our engineering and
production teams meet to discuss how to
manufacture the bumper production begins
with the finest material that will
provide the best possible surface
quality premium heavy duty cold rolled
steel design files are sent
electronically to the plasma cutter
ensuring each component is cut precisely
for a perfect fit
we Bend inform the steel because our
engineers have specifically designed our
bumpers to minimize the amount of seam
welding required this provides more
stability and structural integrity in a
finished bumper Magnum bumpers are
designed around the truck body to fit
like the original factory bumper Welding
is the next step then we measure for
quality and consistency in manufacturing
each member of our production team uses
their company-issued tablet to verify
the bumper measurements are accurate the
next stage is the finishing process
Magnum bumpers are hand finished by the
finest metal fabricators in the industry
their attention to quality and detail is
second to none each bumper is measured
and cross measured once more
preparing the bumper for powder coating
as a two-step process before the bumper
is assembled each individual steel
component passes through a surfacing
machine then once assembled we sandblast
the bumper to prepare the surface for
powder coating we
resulting in a longer-lasting more
durable finish this type of attention to
detail and quality is how we offer our
industry-leading warranty
after sandblasting the bumper is ready
for our unique three-stage powder
coating process to begin we dip each
Magnum bumper in a cleaning degreasing
and sealing solution this solution
reaches the hard-to-access
areas of the bumper and helps pull the
primer and powder into those areas
reducing the potential for corrosion
after dipping the bumpers are stored for
24 hours to ensure that the sealant has
properly cured once cured we heat the
bumper to 400 degrees the heat prepares
the surface for the primer and powder
coat stage 2 of the powder coating
process is applying the zinc primer and
reheating the bumper this provides more
protection against corrosion and creates
a more receptive surface for the final
powder coat the third and final stage is
applying the textured powder coating and
reheating the bumper for an hour to cure
the result is a beautiful durable matte
black finish that resists corrosion the
cured finished bumper is then thoroughly
inspected you will notice the quality
control tag that accompany the bumper at
each step this tag originates when the
order for the bumper is placed at each
of our quality control checkpoints every
employee who has a hand in crafting your
bumper puts their employee ID on the tag
their mark signifies that they are
standing behind their work the bumper is
now ready for packaging our team
inspects the final result and ensures
that all measurements meet our standards
and that the correct brackets and
hardware are included for installation
to reduce the risk of freight damage we
ship each Magnum bumper in a
custom-built wooden crate so the bumpers
arrive in perfect condition
once again we go above and beyond now
that you've seen what goes into the
creation of every Magnum bumper who do
you want making the bumpers for your
truck isn't it time you stepped up to
Magnum